Envs for token info export to Multichain (#41)
blockscout/docs: setup/env-variables/backend-env-variables.mdx

| `CACHE_TOKEN_TRANSFERS_COUNTER_PERIOD`                | Interval to restart the task which calculates transfers count of the token.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Version: v4.1.3\+ <br />Default: `1h` <br />Applications: API, Indexer    |
| `TOKEN_METADATA_UPDATE_INTERVAL`                      | Interval to restart the task which updates token metadata.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Version: v2.0.1\+ <br />Default: `48h` <br />Applications: API, Indexer   |

> | `TOKEN_COUNTERS_UPDATE_INTERVAL`                      | Interval to restart the task which updates token counters (transfers count and holders count).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | Version: master\+ <br />Default: `3h` <br />Applications: Indexer         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `TOKEN_COUNTERS_UPDATE_INTERVAL`                      | Interval to restart the task which updates token counters (transfers count and holders count).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | Version: v9.0.0\+ <br />Default: `3h` <br />Applications: Indexer         |
```
